It's two-thirty and I've come to
defeat the doctor
hello another me that is this
who am you are you
Well the truth is I have no idea what
that you have seen the doctor and sent
this thing
hi that's a weapon and now you're going to
give slowly and we will take you away
it is worth who has done this to me he believes the
red stripe on your head good I think
it's important hey because you look like
so much to me what is my purpose in the
life for her there are some
questions a little strange because no
let's seriously also have
supersonic speeds
I think we started with a bad foot hi
I introduce myself I am sonic the hedgehog and I am
I do not know who I am, there are families in
danger we have to find eggman
who the fuck is brother who am me and
what the hell is this a truth of this
but how many weapons do you have we should
go to I want answers yes yes
ok since you 're the new one here because
present to the people this stage of
details
It is not very talkative that we say fuck is
only an image no no no no I have it
I'm ready to meet people worth
Then why do they call it tx or not?
take it off if you approach similes better
it's because he wears gloves
We do not all wear gloves
look you also wear gloves then
stage is a magician
we do not follow this snack he is an equino
like Spanish food that's a
enchilada that has in the center is
an enchilada I do not say that because it has
spikes on their gloves
I would also like to have in my
knuckles but that's why they are called to
takes away is Mexican is not Mexican
Then it's an enchilada again good
this is recipes and let's continue this is the
doctor ekman father egg mouth that is my
father all his fault equal worth
we should go back to have
hung by this for everything for everything
who did me a favor to remember him
gave weapons and the bike you have a motorcycle
all my memories donatoni you go so
fast will pay you will pay for everything
he made me destroy it and then he
will pull the members and less will eat
sorry he said to eat and this what is
these hates come care give it to me
slowly from the ground I have the power
only I can have it or we go over rice
and hold